[Refactor] Update automq-routine-load.md (#36482)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/loading/automq-routine-load.md

# Continuously load data from AutoMQ Kafka

> [AutoMQ for Kafka](https://docs.automq.com/zh/docs/automq-s3kafka/YUzOwI7AgiNIgDk1GJAcu6Uanog) is a cloud-native version of Kafka redesigned for cloud environments.

Reviewer: This is also a Chinese doc link

#### Data Extraction and Transformation

> To specify the mapping and transformation relationship between the source data and the target table, configure the COLUMNS and jsonpaths parameters. The column names in COLUMNS correspond to the column names of the target table, and their order corresponds to the column order in the source data. The jsonpaths parameter is used to extract the required field data from JSON data, similar to newly generated CSV data. Then the COLUMNS parameter temporarily names the fields in jsonpaths in order. For more explanations on data transformation, please see [Data Transformation during Import](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/3.2/loading/Etl_in_loading/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To specify the mapping and transformation relationship between the source data and the target table, configure the COLUMNS and jsonpaths parameters. The column names in COLUMNS correspond to the column names of the target table, and their order corresponds to the column order in the source data. The jsonpaths parameter is used to extract the required field data from JSON data, similar to newly generated CSV data. Then the COLUMNS parameter temporarily names the fields in jsonpaths in order. For more explanations on data transformation, please see [Data Transformation during Import](./Etl_in_loading.md).
```

Reviewer 2: By linking to the Markdown file the correct language and version are selected, and link checking is done at build time (and in a PR I am working on now the link checking will happen on PR submission)
